Hello, freak bitches. But van Halen seems like a.
Yeah, it is. Yeah. I didn't know. I didn't even,
I guess I didn't even think to even put it together that it was his last name.
Even though I knew that it's like a vehicle, like a van Halen.
It's a strong yeah. Yeah.
So it's like a Hindenburg. Yeah.
It is. Yeah. Yeah. Rogan. That's good. He is not a good one.
They got the apostle, he it all up.
These are weird. Like, why are we still using? No, do we forget how to talk?
It's very weird. Yeah.
You don't have to tell me how to pronounce it. Just drop it. By the way,
it makes it worse because people are like Elliot, Leah, add ELLs and.
Dude, you go to like a restaurant. You know what the worst is,
is when I pull into a gate,
you have a meeting anywhere and you got to give everybody that's thing.
And I said, and then they say, you're not in this system. And I'm like,
try a with or without the apostrophe, whichever one you didn't do.
And then they're like, there it is every time, every time.
Change your last name,
spelling to de D U H a
H L E E a.
H know if, uh, Uh, the, uh,
when I was little, when I was little, I told my dad, I was like,
can we get rid of the apostrophe? I was young. I was like 12.
And he was like, huh. And I was like, it's just a sucks.
Like w what I feel like, like, what is it? Like,
people always mispronounce it and he's like, you should be proud of that.
And I was like, I'm not. And then, and then
I remember thinking I'm not, it's just the 13. That's rough. Yeah.
And then, and then, and then I started to like it, you know? Cause I'm like,
yeah, I guess it is my name. it. You know? Um, but when I was little,
I wanted to change. I remember, I remember asking my parents if I could.
I mean, this is embarrassing.
I remember telling my parents that I wanted to change my name
to
Damian Monroe. No. Yes.
Krista Leah to Damien Damien Monroe. I imagine.
Imagine if my name was Damien Monroe,
you would have hated me immediately. No, I wouldn't. Cause open-minded.
Yeah, but Dave.
Giovanni pretentious name ever. My name is Theodore Theodore Von.
But think about, but think about this is why you didn't even know why,
why I wanted to name it because this is so
embarrassing and whatever, but okay. Because Damien was,
is the devil. Right? Okay. And then Marilyn Monroe was like pure in my head.
I was like, you have both.
This. So this was like a show biz name ID. I don't.
Know. I didn't get very far with it, obviously. This time. Yeah.
Same age, like young. What am I possibly positivity? I was like, well,
I could call me. I just named myself Damian Monroe. Oh my God.
Imagine I would hate.
That. [inaudible].
I mean, you all do stupid things as a kid. I didn't get to do that.
Obviously my parents wouldn't have, let me do that. Thank God.
I was a weirdo man. I would ask my parents. I would,
I would ask my peers because I always sat like this at the dinner table.
And I asked them, I was like, I was like, can you call me crazy legs?
And I remember thinking.
Like, I like, that would be cool. Like if my family called me crazy legs.
Hey, it's Damien crazy legs.
And then they were like, and my dad was like, no. And I was like, but just like,
maybe just at least at the dinner table. I remember saying that.
And you would be like, I'm not calling you crazy leg. We need you Chris.
Oh my God. So funny kid.
That was even younger. The crazy legs thing was like, it was probably like nine.
God kid's ideas are so stupid.
They're so dumb. They're so funny. I remember.
These women laughing in my face once at me trying to be cool.
And I was like 12. Um,
I had these sneakers on, I mean, I don't know,
like they were like these brown suede sneakers.
And I went through a period of time. This is very embarrassing.
I went through a period of time when I was like 12, 12, 13 ish,
where I got really into Tom Sawyer and huckleberry Finn. Oh boy.
I even tried chewing tobacco.
At that age.
Oh geez. They would sell you chewing tobacco. When you were a little kid,
you could be 12 and just bite you in the back for whatever reason, like that.
Wasn't like cigarettes. Right, right, right. You could just buy chewing tobacco.
Look, I bought it. I didn't have to hide. That's so weird. It's crazy.
They let you,
but you would come in this like wallet looking brick and you open it up and you
break a piece off like real old schooly Clooney's would style chewing tobacco.
I was retarded. Okay. So I had these, uh,
these shoes on that were like a brown suede. They were really goofy liquor.
And these next door neighbors, uh, in this, we, we rented a house. It was, um,
me, my sister, my parents.
And then one of our friends of the friend of my dad's rented.
One of the rooms in the house had the upstairs and the next door is like a very
small house. And next door was another small house. And uh,
these young kids lived there, like the downstairs people,
they had a band and they were horrible, but they were like super committed.
So they'd practice all the time. And they had,
they had carpet everywhere, man. Like, you'd go down in the basement.
And what they had done is taken like 30 or 40 sheets of carpet and like
made doors and packed the walls.
And they essentially turned the basement into like a practice soundproofing.
But you could, you could hear them super clear. And uh, okay.
I remember there, the band's name was death in the shopping mall.
Oh my God. And the song called my baby is a mutant.
You remember this? Yeah. Yeah. I got a crazy memory man.
And so these guys be like, my baby is a mutant
[inaudible] but that's okay. I love my black Jesus.
Christ. I can't even remember.
This practicing blow in their eardrum. They were cool. It was up.
They let me go over there and watch when I was 12 to let me go and hang out with
these guys. One of them scooped ice cream, you had giant forearms.
And everybody was like, look at his forearm, Spanish coops, ice cream, scoops,
ice cream all day. So he's jacked forearm and all the like young kids,
like 12 would be like scared of this 19 year old dude with his giant forums.
Cause he'd scoop a nicer all the time, but they were all super friendly,
but there's these two freaky little girls that would hang out with them. And I,
you know, when you're 12, you're going through bloom ruined group.
So I have these stupid sneakers on, I say the girl, I go, uh,
she goes nice sneakers. Like she's kinda mocking me. I go, yeah,
I don't like codes. And my sneakers, it turns me off.
And they burst into laughter not laughing like
exist, but like, look at this dork.
And I'll never forget the feeling when I said it, like, yeah,
I don't like colors of my sneakers. It turns me off like the feeling of like,
oh, you.
So you thought you were being cool and quickly while you were saying this and
you're like, oh, this is not, that's hilarious.
Realized as you're saying it, like, how stupid are you really?
Yeah. Checked by the opposite sex. When you're that age. I mean,
there was one time. I can't like, I remember high C.
I was probably still around. I don't know, but obviously I don't drink it,
but there was great.
Dem. Oh my God. Wow. Whoa. They have a YouTube video.
Wow. In the shopping malls has a, this.
Was a five-year four years ago.
These guys are 80. Oh no.
It says that this was in 1981.
Oh, they recorded it in 81. Wow.
So that was right around the same time,
because 81 was where I went to high school in 81.
So that would make sense. That was like, so I was,
I guess I was 13 and then a little later in the career, but dude,
that's two years later, we're talking about like 79
in 1979. I'm pretty sure that was the age. I was pretty crazy.
Cause I was 13. Yeah. Cause it was right.
When I first moved to Boston, we were living in Jamaica, plain.
We were living on, um, God. I don't remember the name of the street for,
I remember the name of the street. It would help. But anyway,
I'll that haunted me, those girls laughing in my face,
haunted me for years. I still think about it.
That's interesting. I think about, I think about like that.
I think about like that, that like you carry with you, like,
you know how sometimes it's just yeah, but sometimes it's just like,
like that's I.
Mean nothing. But what happened.
Was you were too young to have with a situation like that yet. Yes.
So that was why you remember it because you were still, oh, this is a new,
oh God. You know what I mean?
Where personally aware of how [inaudible].
But I sounded right. Which yeah. But as a kid, you,
you don't have that. Right. You know? So the first few times that's.
The same age. Do you change your name? Damian Monroe. So.
We're both forgiven. I remember I had to, yeah. I feel like it did.
I had, uh, I had, uh,
I C I was at kindergarten or yeah, kindergarten, I think.
And um, it was before first grade, whatever that is, kindergarten goes and um,
the high C straw, it was gray Hi-C I remember. And I,
I squeezed it wrong and it shot up on my face and I was with a
table where there were girls there and it was lunchtime.
And I remember thinking, oh, it's probably purple on my face,
around my eye, like kiss or something. Cool. Yeah.
And wait. And so I was like kisses. Cool.
Like I'm going to just chill with it and just cause it happened by accident.
So it's not like I tried to do it.
So these chicks are just going to see me with this cool purple thing on my face.
I mean, God, I mean, same age,
no kindergarten. Oh.
So however old that Jesus Christ so young as and thinking all these thoughts and
then thinking, um, oh my God. And then thinking, uh,
I can't wait to like Mack on these girls, like, you know, your Magnum on girls.
I mean, it was whatever it was before first grade. That's kindergarten. Okay.
Yeah. So kindergarten. Yeah. Mrs. Antwan's class. And so, so you got grapes,
grapes, grapes, not even soda, just the juice, you know what I mean?
On your face? And um, I remember thinking,
like I remember leaving it there and it was very sticky because it's high C and
it's candy basically. So I was, I believe it though. Cause it's cool.
I remember thinking like, just stick with it cause it's very cool.
And finally it was so sticky that I was like,
I hope that this is like paying off. Cause I got, gotta wipe my face.
And so I asked the girl like really insecurely, like next to me, I was like,
Hey, uh, I was like, is it like all purple on my face? Like,
but like wanting it to be purple, you know?
And she goes and she just goes like this. No.
And then I was like, can I go to the bathroom? And I washed my face,
like what if you went to the bathroom? And then I looked at my face,
it was just my face zero purple. But, but that was like an, uh,
those were actual thoughts that this idiotic kindergarten or had,
um, yeah, I was like, oh, I look like a rockstar is what I thought.
This moment.
So you can remember when you're just a little kid where you're so stupid.
They will haunt you deep inside.
I don't think about that all the time. I think about it all the time.
It's it's probably shaped me, you know,